# The-State-of-DC-Films
For the past 3 or so years, there has been this Warner Bros./DC drama lurking around in the film world called the "Release the Snyder Cut" movement. This movement originated back in November of 2017 when Justice League, the 5th film in the DC Extended Universe, or DCEU for short, was released theatrically. Upon viewing, DC fans, notably Zack Snyder fans, noticed a complete shift in the film's tone and style when compared to Snyder's previous work. Surely this couldn't be what Zack Snyder had intended to release when he was assigned to the project. Thus, "Release the Snyder Cut" was born.<br>
<br>
Fast forward to March of 2021, Zack Snyder's Justice League was released to the masses on HBO Max. It recieved critic and audience praise, garnering a 73% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Fans, especially those who participated in the "Release the Snyder Cut" movement, were awed with the 4 hour epic, but they were not satisfied. Since the film's release, a new movement has begun to emerge: Restore the Snyderverse. Snyder fans are now campaigning for him to finish his original vision for the DCEU as a whole. Warner Bros. themselves have said that they have no plans to continue with Snyder's DC films universe, but judging from the past, we can assume that the fans will not take no for an answer and will continue to press the studio any way they can.<br>
<br>
That being said, the following is my analysis on whether or not Warner Bros. should revive the Snyder era of DC films or move on.<br>
<br>
This python notebook uses linear regression models to analyze the critical reception as well as the box office totals of DC movies in the last 8 years. It separates them in two different eras: the Snyderverse, movies that came out while director Zack Snyder was in charge, and non Snyderverse, movies that came out when he left Warner Bros.
